Add usage information (#157)
BioPhoton/rx-angular: libs/template/README.md

or  
`yarn add @rx-angular/template`

> ## Usage
> 
> Import `TemplateModule` to your Module.
> 
> ```typescript
> 
> import { TemplateModule } from '@rx-angular/template';
> 
> @NgModule({
>   declarations: [...],
>   imports: [TemplateModule],
> })
> export class MyModule {}

Author: ```suggestion
## Usage

Import `TemplateModule` to your Module. Alternatively, you can import LetModule or PushModule individually.

```typescript
// Importing full TemplateMdoule.
import { TemplateModule } from '@rx-angular/template';

@NgModule({
  declarations: [...],
  imports: [TemplateModule],
})
export class MyModule {}

// Importing LetModule & PushModule individually.
import { LetModule, PushModule } from '@rx-angular/template';

@NgModule({
  declarations: [...],
  imports: [LetModule, PushModule],
})
export class MyModule {}
```

or  
`yarn add @rx-angular/template`

## Usage

> Import `TemplateModule` to your `AppModule`.

Author: ```suggestion
Import `TemplateModule` to your Module.
```

Author: Importing in AppModule does not work.  "Push pipe can not be found"

```typescript
import { TemplateModule } from '@rx-angular/template';

@NgModule({
  declarations: [...],
  imports: [TemplateModule],
})

> export class AppModule {}

Author: ```suggestion
export class MyModule {}
```

> ## Usage
> 
> Import `TemplateModule` to your `AppModule`.
> 
> ```typescript
> import { TemplateModule } from '@rx-angular/template';
> 
> @NgModule({
>   declarations: [...],
>   imports: [TemplateModule],
> })
> export class AppModule {}
> ```
> 
> 

Author: ```suggestion
## Usage

Import `TemplateModule` to your Module.

```typescript

import { TemplateModule } from '@rx-angular/template';

@NgModule({
  declarations: [...],
  imports: [TemplateModule],
})
export class MyModule {}
```

Alternatively, you can import `LetModule` or `PushModule` individually.

```typescript
import { LetModule, PushModule } from '@rx-angular/template';

@NgModule({
  declarations: [...],
  imports: [LetModule, PushModule],
})
export class MyModule {}
```

```

Author: @hoebbelsB smth like this?

or  
`yarn add @rx-angular/template`

## Usage

> Import `TemplateModule` to your Module. Alternatively, you can import LetModule or PushModule individually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Import `TemplateModule` to your Module. Alternatively, you can import each feature module individually.
```

```typescript

> // Importing full TemplateMdoule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Importing TemplateModule (includes push, *rxLet, unpatch and viewport-prio)
```

import { TemplateModule } from '@rx-angular/template';

@NgModule({
  declarations: [...],
  imports: [TemplateModule],
})
export class MyModule {}

// Importing LetModule & PushModule individually.

> import { LetModule, PushModule } from '@rx-angular/template';

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import { LetModule, PushModule, ViewportModule, UnpatchEventsModule} from '@rx-angular/template';
```

@NgModule({
  declarations: [...],

>   imports: [LetModule, PushModule],

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  imports: [LetModule, PushModule, ViewportModule, UnpatchEventsModule],
```
